doc: add SPDX information to coding convenstions (#21636)
RIOT-OS/RIOT: CODING_CONVENTIONS.md

## Documentation

* All documentation must be in English.

> * All files should contain the copyright and the author note in the SPDX format.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* All files have to contain the copyright and the author note in the SPDX format.
```

We can be a bit more strict here indeed.

 int set_foobar(int state, int *old_state);
```

### SPDX

> SPDX (System Package Data Exchange) is open standard for adding to source files
> information concerning licenses, security information or other metadata related
> to the software. It allows for easy, automatic generation of SBOM (Software
> Bill of Materials).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
SPDX (System Package Data Exchange) is an open standard for adding
information about licenses, security information or other metadata to source files.
It allows for easy, automatic generation of SBOMs (Software Bill of Materials).

RIOT used to use the standard copyright format in a long form, however this
adds a lot of boilerplate code without much benefit. Furthermore the copyright
notices tend to vary depending on the author, making it difficult to parse
automatically and reliably.
```

> Sample legacy license information:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Old Style - License Information:
```

```
/*
 * Copyright (C) 2013, 2014 INRIA
 *               2015 Freie Universität Berlin
 *
 * This file is subject to the terms and conditions of the GNU Lesser
 * General Public License v2.1. See the file LICENSE in the top level
 * directory for more details.
 */

```

> SPDX format equivalent:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
New Style - SPDX Format:
```

```
/*
 * SPDX-FileCopyrightText: 2013-2014 INRIA
 * SPDX-FileCopyrightText: 2015 Freie Universität Berlin
 * SPDX-License-Identifier: LGPL-2.1-only
 */
```

> More information concerning RIOT OS transition to SPDX format can be found

Reviewer: ```suggestion
More information concerning the transition to SPDX format can be found
```
